*Last updated: June 22nd, 2012*

PARTICIPATION IN THE CHARTBOOST ONLINE SERVICES INDICATES THAT YOU ACCEPT THESE
TERMS AND CONDITIONS (THE "AGREEMENT"). IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO ALL OF THE TERMS
IN THIS AGREEMENT AND ALL TERMS, POLICIES AND GUIDELINES INCORPORATED BY
REFERENCE, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, CHARTBOOST’S PRIVACY POLICY, PLEASE DO
NOT REGISTER FOR OR PARTICIPATE IN THE CHARTBOOST ONLINE SERVICES. "You" or
"Your" means any entity identiﬁed in an enrollment form submitted by the same
or afﬁliated persons, and/or any agency, network or other third party that has
access to Your account and/or Your Online Services Data (as deﬁned below),
which will also be bound by the terms and conditions of this Agreement. The
Chartboost Online Services are available only to individuals who are at least
18 years old and to companies that are appropriately licensed and otherwise
legally permitted to conduct business. You represent and warrant that (a), if
you are an individual, you are at least 18 years old, and (b) if you are a
company, that you are appropriately licensed and is legally permitted to
conduct business.

This Agreement constitutes the entire and only agreement between You and
Chartboost, Inc. ("Chartboost"), and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous
agreements, representations, warranties and understandings with respect to the
content, products or services provided by Chartboost (the "Online Services"),
and the subject matter of this Agreement. This Agreement may be amended at any
time by Chartboost from time to time without speciﬁc notice to You. The latest
Agreement will be posted on Chartboost.com (the "Site"), and You should review
this Agreement prior to using the Site or the Online Services.

1.  **Description of Online Services.** During the Online Services Term (as
    deﬁned below), Chartboost will serve to You advertisements provided by
    third party advertisers ("Online Services Ad(s)"), in addition to
    advertisements that may be provided through Chartboostʼs Campaigns Ads
    service ("Chartboost Ads"), for display on the app(s) and site(s) which use
    the Online Services ("Online Services Site(s)"), based upon the criteria
    selected by You and/or Your advertisers via the protocol and/or user
    interface provided by Chartboost for accessing the Online Services, as such
    protocol and/or user interface may be updated by Chartboost from time to
    time ("Online Services Interface").

2.  **Implementation of Online Services.** You will implement the Online
    Services in a manner that complies with the technical and implementation
    requirements provided in writing by Chartboost to You from time to time,
    including those instructions contained in the documentation regarding the
    Online Services Interface. Without limiting the foregoing, You acknowledge
    and agree to the following:

    1.  **Online Services Obligations.** In order for the Online Services to
        work correctly, you must provide the following information with every
        ad request: (i) Unique Device Identiﬁer (UDID) or other Device ID, and
        (ii) Ad Unit ID, mapped to the correct application that is in use by
        the end user. You must also notify Chartboost when an application is
        opened by the user. You will be solely responsible for all, without
        limitation, Online Services Ad content, Online Services Ad information,
        Online Services Ad URLs, editorial, text, graphic, audiovisual, and
        other content and any other information You enter into the Online
        Services, whether generated by or for You ("Online Services Data"). You
        will protect any Online Services accounts, usernames or passwords and
        take full responsibility for Your own, and third party, use of any
        Online Services accounts, usernames or passwords. Notwithstanding the
        foregoing, You grant Chartboost permission to utilize a crawl on Your
        website and app properties that may ignore robots.txt unless You
        speciﬁcally instruct otherwise the applicable crawler in the robots.txt
        ﬁle, as speciﬁed by Chartboost.

    2.  **Policies.** Chartboost will have no obligation to process a request
        for Online Services Ads in connection with a view of a page on which
        Online Services Ads are to be displayed ("Online Services
        Requests") that are not sent in compliance with the requirements of
        this Agreement. While Chartboost does not intend, and does not
        undertake, to monitor the Online Services Ads and/or Online
        Services Data, if Chartboost is notiﬁed by You or otherwise becomes
        aware and determines in its sole discretion that the Online
        Services Ads and/or Online Services Data or any portion of the
        Online Services Ads and/or Online Services Data or Your trade
        names, trademarks, service marks, logos, domain names, and other
        distinctive brand features: (i) violates the intellectual property
        rights or any other rights of any third party; (ii) violates any
        applicable law or is subject to an injunction; (iii) is
        pornographic, obscene or otherwise violates this Agreement; (iv) is
        being distributed by You improperly; or (v) may create liability
        for Chartboost, Chartboost may reject, remove, withdraw from, not
        display or cease displaying that Online Services Ad and/or
        Online Services Data from the Online Services entirely with no
        liability to Chartboost. You will have and abide by an
        appropriate privacy policy and will comply with all applicable
        laws relating to the collection and use of information from end
        users of Online Services Site(s). You must post a privacy
        policy on each Online Services Site and such policy must
        provide notice of Your use of a cookie or other mechanism for
        a third party to collect end user traffic data.

    3.  **Prohibited Actions.** You will not, and will not allow any third
        party to: (a) directly or indirectly access, launch and/or activate the
        Online Services through or from, or otherwise incorporate the Online
        Services in, any software application, website or other means other
        than the Online Services Site(s), and then only to the extent expressly
        permitted herein; (b) transfer, sell, lease, syndicate, sub-syndicate,
        lend, or use for co- branding, timesharing, service bureau or other
        unauthorized purposes the Online Services or access thereto (including,
        but not limited to ads, including without limitation Online Services
        Ads, or any part, copy or derivative thereof); (c) directly or
        indirectly generate queries, or impressions of or clicks on ads,
        including without limitation Online Services Ads, through any
        automated, deceptive, fraudulent or other invalid means (including, but
        not limited to, click spam, robots, macro Online Services, and Internet
        agents); (d) encourage or require end users or any other persons,
        either with or without their knowledge, to click on ads, including
        without limitation Online Services Ads, through offering incentives or
        any other methods that are manipulative, deceptive, malicious or
        fraudulent; (e) modify, adapt, translate, prepare derivative works
        from, decompile, reverse engineer, disassemble or otherwise attempt to
        derive source code from the Online Services, Chartboostʼs then current
        protocol for accessing and implementing the Online Services (the
        "Chartboost Protocol"), or any other Chartboost technology, content,
        data, routines, algorithms, methods, ideas design, user interface
        techniques, software, materials, and documentation; (f) remove, deface,
        obscure, or alter Chartboostʼs copyright notice, trademarks or other
        proprietary rights notices afﬁxed to or provided as a part of the
        Online Services, the Chartboost Protocol, or any other Chartboost
        technology, software, materials and documentation; (g) create or
        attempt to create a substitute or similar service or product through
        use of or access to any of the Online Services or proprietary
        information related thereto; (h) utilize any feature or functionality
        of the Online Services, or include anything in Online Services Data or
        Online Services Ads, that could be so utilized, to personally identify
        and/or personally track individual end users or any other persons; or
        (i) engage in any action or practice that reﬂects poorly on Chartboost
        or otherwise disparages or devalues Chartboostʼs reputation or
        goodwill.

    4.  **Restrictions.** You must use the Online Services only for serving
        advertisements and promotions to Online Services Sites. You may not use
        the Online Services to serve other content. You may not serve
        advertisements that interfere with the correct operation of the userʼs
        mobile device. You may not use the Online Services with Online Services
        Sites that: (i) promote or depict illegal activity or violence, (ii)
        advocate against a particular group , (iii) infringe a third party’s
        rights, (iv) introduce viruses, spyware, and malware, , (v) contain
        sexually explicit content, (vi) depict illicit drugs and drug
        paraphernalia, (vii) promote online casinos and gambling, (viii)
        promote weapons or ammunition, (ix) promote hard alcohol, or (x)
        contain any content that is illegal, promotes illegal activity,
        misleading, inaccurate, or infringes on the legal rights of others.

    5.  **No Endorsement.** Chartboost does not represent or endorse any ads,
        links, content, advice, opinion, offer, proposal, statement, data or
        other information from any third party products/services ("Disclaimed
        Content") that is displayed or distributed through Online Services.
        Chartboost hereby disclaims any liability or responsibility for any
        Disclaimed Content. Chartboost reserves the right, but will have no
        responsibility, to edit, modify, refuse to post or remove any
        Disclaimed Content, in whole or in part, that in Chartboost, in its
        sole and absolute discretion, deems is objectionable, erroneous,
        illegal, fraudulent or otherwise in violation of this Agreement.

3.  **Online Services Term.** This Agreement will be effective as of the date
    Chartboost activates Your Online Services account and will continue until
    terminated as provided in this Agreement (the "Online Services Term"). You
    may terminate this Agreement, with or without cause, at any time by sending
    written notice of Your desire to cancel Your participation in the Online
    Services to info@chartboost.com. This Agreement will be deemed terminated
    within ten (10) business days of Chartboostʼs receipt of Your notice. If
    You violate this Agreement, Chartboost may in its sole discretion, without
    notice, terminate this Agreement, or suspend or terminate the participation
    of Your Online Services Site in all or part of the Online Services. In
    addition, Chartboost may terminate this Agreement, or suspend or terminate
    the participation of Your Online Services Site in all or part of the Online
    Services, with or without cause, upon thirty (30) dayʼs prior notice.

4.  **Online Services Advertiser Obligations.** You will be solely responsible
    for all matters related to Your third party advertisers who provide
    advertisements to You in connection with the Online Services ("Online
    Services Advertisers"), including without limitation the solicitation
    and trafﬁcking of Online Services Ads, billing and payment of Online
    Services Advertisers, providing all technical support services to
    Online Services Advertisers, and handling all other inquiries and
    disputes of any type or nature.

5.  **Online Services Fee.** Some of the services in the Online Services
    require payment of fees. Chartboost reserves the right to change its price
    list and to institute new charges at any time, upon thirty (30) days prior
    notice to You, which may be sent by email or posted on the Site. If You are
    an advertiser, You will pre-pay all applicable fees, as described on the
    Site. If You are an advertiser and choose to run a CPI campaign without
    having properly integrated the Chartboost SDK, You will be charged $0.04
    per click for all the clicks delivered in that campaign, and the campaign
    will be automatically terminated when detected. Impressions and clicks are
    tracked instantly. Installs are tracked whenever a user opens the
    application they have downloaded. Chartboost will keep the install loop
    open for a period of 21 days. During these time, installs will still be
    reported for campaigns that might be off (not displaying any new
    impressions) but the advertiser will still be accountable for the install
    and the publisher will be paid for installs coming from clicks that they
    delivered in the past. This only affects CPI campaigns, not CPC. If You are
    a publisher, You will receive a percentage of Net Revenue. "Net Revenue"
    means revenues actually received by Chartboost from the sale, use or other
    disposition of advertisements displayed on publisher's Online Services Site
    less taxes, agency commissions, carrier and/or partner fees, and any
    allowances actually made or taken for returns, cash discounts or
    promotional allowances.  The portion of Net Revenue received by publisher
    shall be determined on the first Monday of each calendar month, on which
    day those revenues accrued to publisher's account thirty (30) or more days
    earlier shall become eligible to be paid. Payments to publisher shall be
    sent by Chartboost only if publisher’s earned balance is greater than or
    equal to $300 (Three Hundred Dollars, US). If publisher's earned balance is
    less than $300, no payment shall be sent until the following calendar
    month, on the first Monday of which Chartboost shall make the aforesaid
    determination anew. In addition, if You are a publisher, You agree that any
    payments that may become due to You are specifically conditioned upon
    Chartboost's receipt of full payment from the applicable advertiser. If
    Chartboost does not receive the applicable payment in full from any such
    advertiser, Chartboost shall have no liability or responsibility to
    publisher (and publisher hereby releases Chartboost) with respect thereto.
    Payment shall be calculated solely based on records maintained by
    Chartboost. No other measurements or statistics of any kind shall be
    accepted by Chartboost or have any effect under this Agreement. Chartboost
    shall not be liable for any payment based on (i) any fraudulent impressions
    generated by any person, robot, automated Online Services or similar device
    or for fraudulent impressions similarly generated on any advertisements, as
    reasonably determined by Chartboost; (ii) impressions commingled with
    a significant number of fraudulent impressions or fraudulent clicks
    described in (i) above; or (iii) any breach of this Agreement by You.

6.  **License to Online Services Interface.** Chartboost grants to You
    a limited, revocable, non-transferable, non-exclusive and non-sublicensable
    license during the Online Services Term to use the Online Services
    Interface solely for the purpose of transmitting Online Services Requests
    and other required information and receiving Online Services Results Sets
    solely to the extent permitted hereunder. Except to the limited extent
    expressly provided in this Agreement, Chartboost does not grant, and You
    will not acquire, any right, title or interest (including, without
    limitation, any implied license) in or to any Chartboost intellectual
    property rights; and all rights not expressly granted herein are reserved
    to Chartboost.

7.  **Data Use.** Chartboost may retain and use, subject to the terms of its
    Privacy Policy, Online Services Data. Online Services Data provided by You
    under this Agreement may not be disclosed as Online Services Data
    identiﬁable to You by Chartboost except to: (a) satisfy any applicable law,
    regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request, (b) detect,
    prevent, or otherwise address fraud or security issues, or (c) protect
    against imminent harm to the rights, property or safety of Chartboost or
    the public as required or permitted by law.  You agree that Chartboost may
    aggregate Online Services Data with data collected from other Online
    Services users, and use such aggregated data, provided that Chartboost will
    only aggregate data in a manner such that no third party could identify
    which user’s data contributed to the aggregated set.

8.  **Conﬁdentiality; Publicity.** Each party agrees not to disclose the other
    party’s Conﬁdential Information without the other partyʼs prior written
    consent.  "Conﬁdential Information" includes without limitation: (a) all
    software, technology, programming, speciﬁcations, materials, guidelines and
    documentation relating to the Online Services, including the existence and
    content of this Agreement and any information provided pursuant to the
    Agreement; (b) any statistics relating to the performance of the Online
    Services; (c) any other information designated in writing by either party
    as "Conﬁdential" or an equivalent designation; and (d) information
    disclosed under circumstances that a reasonable person should know such
    information is confidential/proprietary.  Conﬁdential Information does not
    include information that has become publicly known through no breach by the
    receiving party, or information that has been (i) independently developed
    without access to the disclosing party’s Conﬁdential Information as
    evidenced in writing; (ii) rightfully received by the receiving party from
    a third party; or (iii) required to be disclosed by law or by
    a governmental authority. Neither party will use the other party’s name and
    logo in any news release, public announcement, advertisement, or other form
    of publicity without the prior written consent of the other party (which
    includes email), except that either party may use the other party’s name
    and logo on such party’s website and in publicity that announces the
    parties are working together. In addition, Chartboost may use any content
    used with the Online Services in any form of publicity.

9.  **Disclaimer.** Chartboost does not represent or warrant that the Online
    Services is reliable, accurate, complete, or otherwise free from defects.
    Accordingly, the Online Services is made available for use "as is", and any
    use thereof will be undertaken solely at Your own risk. Chartboost reserves
    the right, in its sole discretion, to include or cease providing the Online
    Services at any time (subject to notice as may be required herein), and
    Chartboost does not give or enter into any conditions, warranties or other
    terms with regard to the Online Services. In particular, no condition,
    warranty or other term is given or entered into to the effect that the
    Online Services will be of satisfactory quality, noninfringement or that
    the Online Services will be ﬁt for any particular purpose.

10. **Limitation of Liability.** NEITHER PARTY WILL BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER OR
    ANY THIRD-PARTY CLAIMANT FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, CONSEQUENTIAL
    (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, LOST PROFITS OR LOST DATA COLLECTED THROUGH
    THE ONLINE SERVICES), OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, WHETHER BASED ON A CLAIM OR
    ACTION OF CONTRACT, WARRANTY, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY, OR OTHER TORT,
    BREACH OF ANY STATUTORY DUTY, INDEMNITY OR CONTRIBUTION, OR OTHERWISE, EVEN
    IF SUCH PARTYHAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. SOME
    STATES DO NOT ALLOW THE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY FOR INCIDENTAL
    OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THE LIMITATIONS OR EXCLUSIONS IN THIS AND THE
    FOREGOING PARAGRAPH MAY NOT APPLY. In any event, each party’s total
    cumulative liability to the other party for any loss or damages resulting
    from any claims, demands, or actions arising out of or relating to this
    Agreement will not exceed the net amount paid by You to Chartboost in the
    six month period immediately preceding the date of the claim.

11. **Representations and Warranties.** You represent and warrant that: (i) You
    have and will maintain throughout the Online Services Term all rights,
    authorizations and licenses (including without limitation any copyright,
    trademark, patent, publicity or other rights) that are required with
    respect to Online Services Ads or Online Services Data to permit Chartboost
    to perform the Services contemplated under this Agreement (including
    without limitation any rights needed to host, cache, route, transmit,
    store, copy, modify, distribute, perform, display, reformat, excerpt,
    analyze, and create algorithms from and derivative works of Online Services
    Ads or Online Services Data); (ii) You will not advertise anything illegal
    or engage in any illegal or fraudulent business practice; (iii) all of the
    information provided by You to Chartboost to enroll in the Online Services
    is correct and current; (iv) You have all necessary right, power, and
    authority to enter into this Agreement and to perform the acts required of
    You hereunder; and (v) You have complied and will continue to comply with
    all applicable laws, statutes, ordinances, and regulations (including
    without limitation the CAN-SPAM Act of 2003 and any relevant data
    protection or privacy laws) in Your performance of any acts hereunder.
    ChartBoost represents and warrants that: (i) it has the power and authority
    to grant the rights and perform the obligations to which it commits herein;
    and (ii) its Online Services Interface will not knowingly violate the
    intellectual property rights of any third party.

12. **Miscellaneous.** This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in
    accordance with the laws of the State of California without regard to the
    conflicts of laws provisions thereof. Neither partyʼs waiver of any default
    is a waiver of any subsequent default. Unenforceable provisions will be
    modiﬁed to reﬂect the partiesʼ intention, and remaining provisions of the
    Agreement will remain in full effect. You may not assign any of Your rights
    hereunder and any such attempt is void (except to Your successor in the
    event of Your merger, acquisition or sale of all or substantially all or
    Your assets). Chartboost and You are not legal partners or agents, but are
    independent contractors. The terms and conditions contained in this
    Agreement that by their sense and context are intended to survive the
    performance hereof by the parties hereunder.

<a href="#end" name="end">End of Legal</a>

<a href="faq/support#end" name="end">End of Support FAQ</a>
